---
layout: news_item
title: 'ScalaFX 2.2.60-R9 and 8.0.5-R5 Released'
date: 2014-03-06 22:45:00 -0400
author: jpsacha
version: 2.2.60-R9 and 8.0.5-R5 
categories: [release]
---

This the first set of releases after move of the ScalaFX project to GitHub. Here are changes common to all releases: 

* Refactored Color name constants to conform to Scala conventions. 
  Now we have, for instance, `Color.Blue` instead of Java-like `Color.BLUE`. 
  The old constants are deprecated and will be removed in a feature release.
* Fixed issue 124. `JFXApp` now buffers all subclass construction/initialization
code and executes it during application startup. (Previously, JFXApp didn't
fully implement the semantics of the `scala.DelayedInit` trait: it only buffered
the construction code of the leaf sub-class (typically, the user's application
object).
* Resolved Issue 126: `Platform.runLater` accepts closures with any return types.
* Resolved Issue 125: Eliminate need for setting `JAVA_HOME`. It was used to point to location of JavaFX binaries. 
The binaries are now automatically located in the running JVM.
* Upgrade to latest version of Scala (2.10.4 and 2.11.1).
* Adjustments to the `Duration` class so that `javafx.util.Duration` instances are consistently 
  wrapped within `scalafx.util.Duration` instances.
* Added an auxiliary constructor to the `Duration` class. 
* Update to the `KeyFrame.time` method to wrap the retrieved `javafx.util.Duration` object with `scalafx.util.Duration`.
* Added missing constructors to the `EventType` class.
* Moved `scalafx-hello-world` sub-project to [separate repo](https://github.com/scalafx/scalafx-hello-world).

### v.2.2.60-R9

ScalaFX 1.0.0 version changed to follow JavaFX it supports (last tested), currently 2.2.60. 
All changes mentioned above. Binaries are released for Scala 2.9.3, 2.10, and 2.11.

### v.8.0.5-R5

Tested with Java 1.8.0 u5 (JavaFX 8.0.5). Binaries are released for Scala 2.10, and 2.11. 
All changes mentioned above plus:

* Adjusted all Scaladoc entries so that they now link to JavaFX 8 API pages.
* Added new ScalaFX wrappers for the JavaFX classes `SkinBase` and `PseudoClass`.
* Made the `ButtonBase` class abstract (as the wrapped JavaFX `ButtonBase` class is itself abstract).
* Added ScalaFX wrappers for JFX8 classes `DateCell` and `DatePicker`.
* Added missing methods to the `Track` class. Deprecated the `language` method in `AudioTrack`.
* Added wrapper for `SubtitleTrack`.
* Added wrappers for classes in `javafx.print` package.

For downloads visit [ScalaFX on Sonatype](http://search.maven.org/#search&#124;ga&#124;1&#124;scalafx).
